Update empower-people-to-work-remotely-remote-access.md (#6617)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/solutions/empower-people-to-work-remotely-remote-access.md

> [!NOTE]
> Azure P2S VPN is not included with a Microsoft 365 subscription. You must pay for usage with a separate Azure subscription.

## Deploy Azure Virtual Desktop to provide remote access for remote workers using personal devices

> To support remote workers who can only use their personal and unmanaged devices, use Azure Virtual Desktop in Azure to create and allocate virtual desktops for your users to use from home. Virtualized PCs can act just like PCs connected to your organization network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To support remote workers who can only use their personal and unmanaged devices, use Azure Virtual Desktop to create and allocate virtual desktops for your users to use from home. Virtualized PCs can act just like PCs connected to your organization's network.
```

![Components of Azure Virtual Desktop.](../media/empower-people-to-work-remotely-remote-access/empower-people-to-work-remotely-remote-access-windows-virtual-desktop.png)

For more information, see this [overview of Azure Virtual Desktop](/azure/virtual-desktop/overview).

> [!NOTE]

> >Azure Virtual Desktop is not included with a Microsoft 365 subscription. You must pay for usage with a separate Azure subscription.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Azure Virtual Desktop is not included with a Microsoft 365 subscription. You must pay for usage with a separate Azure subscription.
```
